Sir/Maam, I come from a middle class family in India. I am a 3rd year engineering student, and my parents have already spent every single bit of their  savings on my education. The amount of money that I get from home, is just enough to pay for my engineering books. Both my parents are working day and night, just to help me complete my education. they have sacrificed all their wishes for my sake. They only want me to succeed in life. Moreover my father is a diabetic patient so a major chunk of my family income goes into his medical treatment. So, I by no means am in any position to ask for any more thing from them. I very well know that, whatever we are being taught in our universities is good enough to have a bright career in today's competitive world, we do need something to give us an edge over others. and this course will be highly beneficial to serve that purpose. But my financial condition is becoming a hurdle to achieve this. This is why I am applying for financial aid.


I have always wanted to become a Big Data analyst, ever since I started exploring this field.In due course, I have explored every part of the Internet to gain more knowledge about Big data. But i could not find any structured course to help me gain expertise in this domain. then I came across this course, and I realised after looking into the course structure that this course would certainly me realise my dream of becoming a big data analyst.  I always am fascinated with handling vast amounts of data and on top of that performing machine learning on that data to help organisations achieve better productivity. Our college education is definitely not enough to achieve my dream, as the curriculum is very outdated. But with this course I will be getting taught by world class professionals from the very comfort of my home. Needless to say, how big of a boon this course is gonna be for me.


I believe if one cannot give his 100% for anything, then he cannot achieve any success. Similarly, if I am being made to repay back the loan, just the mere thought of of repaying would become a hindrance towards my learning from this course. Moreover, if I am not able to land a job after complete of this course, then my family is in no position to payback the loan. So this would totally undo my effort of completing this course as i would gain nothing. So I would not be able to pay anything, and would be very grateful if my full financial aid is granted.